This
What's going on here?
These four brochures are four orders, right?
One order is four billion.
Chen Batian abused his power
corruption and bribery
More attempts to destroy the martyrs' cemetery
knowing the law and breaking the law
Dead Yu Guo
The first gift is a court verdict
The dead Chen family head scrambles for power
I and the Shen family, the Bai family, and the Zhang family caused the Li family to die
This second one
It is the government of the murderers of the rich and powerful in Yandu
Tens of billions of orders
It is indeed the latest thing that Shengnong Group wants to give to the Chen family.
It's a pity that the Chen family offended the big one.
It should be
The Third Gift of Sin
It is the cancellation of tens of billions of orders.
The fourth gift
This is my hukou law
I prepared these things for you.
Ready until 3am
I see
It's a pity that these tens of billions of orders are torn up like this.
or
uncle
i
Okay, okay.
You can say anything.
Sister, you can
How could Mr. Chen be like this?
Our Chen family is playing
Isn't this what our Chen family offended and shouldn't offend others?